# Resume
Located in this repository are a few projects that represent my growing skills as a programmer. 


First, a project I completed during my Foundations of Algorithms class at Johns Hopkins. It is a iPython notebook analyzing the RSA Cryptography Algorithm. There are two files, the first 'VanRensselaer_ProjectReport.ipynb' is the final report that was submitted. It fully analyzes the RSA Algorithm, its complexity, and its implementation. It includes the full algorithm code and an explanation of the code. The second file, 'VanRensselaer_RSA_Full Code.ipynb' is the fully documented implementation code that I used to test and prove the complexity of the RSA Algorithm. 

The second project, I completed during my Object-Oriented Programming in C++ class. The objective of the project was to create a Virtual Poker Game. In order to do this, I had to correctly use the principles of Object-Oriented Programming. To prove that these principles were used, the 'main()' method is only 4 lines of code. The project is able to take bets, deal a hand, analyze the hand, calculate winnings, and complete the game of Poker. All classes are compiled into one file ('VanRensselaerN_Project1_main.cpp'). This is unusual in C++, but for submission that is how the professor wanted it. Note: It is not perfect code, there are still a few bugs that need to be worked out.   

The third project, I competed during my Enterprise Web Development class at Johns Hopkins. The objective of this weekly project was to create a Web Form to take a date and a few other details (# of people attending, trip duration, etc.) and calculate the cost for this ficticious trip, and show that to the user on the same page. This project used primarily Java and JSON, with pieces of html, CSS, and Javascript needed as well. The goal of this project was to use JSON to show the user the resulting cost or error, while staying on the same page. We needed to handle any possible input to the html form and show a useful error message. Because we were supposed to use the same basic html form that we created in the beginning of the semester, the UI is not as friendly as I would have liked. There is a zip folder containing the complete project code, a few screenshots of the UI, and a WAR file. The WAR file is setup to be deployed to and run from a Tomcat server. 
